"The most powerful tool we have is the programming language.\" - Bill Gates"
"Software is like sex; it's better when it's free." - Linus Torvalds"
"Artificial intelligence is not a product of imagination. It is a product of engineering." - John McCarthy
"Quality in software is never an accident; it is always the result of an intelligent effort." - John Ruskin
"Hardware is what makes a machine fast; software is what makes a fast machine slow." - Craig Bruce
"Programming is about clarity of expression." - W. Daniel Hillis
"Hackers create software, engineers build it." - Jamie Zawinski
"Programming is the art of making a machine perform tasks." - Donald Knuth
"Software is a great experiment in seeking the spiral of knowledge." - James O. Coplien
"The key to successful development is to never stop asking questions." - Albert Einstein
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Creativity is intelligence having fun." - Albert Einstein
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Do not wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect." - Zoey Sayward
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up." - Vince Lombardi
"The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"It's not about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward." - Rocky Balboa (fictional character portrayed by Sylvester Stallone)
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"It's never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you." - Jeffrey Gitomer
"Don't dream your life, live your dreams." - Mark Twain
"The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long." - Michael Jordan
"If you fall behind, run faster. Never give up, never surrender, and rise up against the odds." - Jesse Jackson
"It's not about how many times you get knocked down, it's about how many times you get back up." - Vanderlei Silva
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." - Arthur C. Clarke
"The power of imagination makes us infinite." - John Muir
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
